the types of risk that you have to take in, being in the military or innumerable
and subject to the type of community that you're in. But
generally speaking, one of the one of the roles that you take on when
becoming commission is you become a decision maker and there's always
a risk in decision making. And some people are very comfortable
making decisions, other people or not, but nonetheless you, even if
you're uncomfortable with it, you are a decision maker. I've had those
decisions might come and just how you're gonna handle your helicopter
when you're flying around tomorrow to decisions that allow you
plenty of time to think about it. Um, I think it's important to realize
that the risk in decision making isn't what your commanding officers
think of you, though That comes into play, certainly, but it's
more of, uh, that there might be multiple ways to do something correctly,
and that's okay. Uh, a lot of times we think of decision in terms
of risk of what other people might think. Did we do the right thing?
Well, there might be multiple right things, and it's hard to to
think about it in that particular context. Um, but all told, you're
going encounter so many different types of risk throughout your career.
I think risk and decision making is probably the most important
thing to consider as you start out.